docs(environment-variables): make EXECUTIONS_TIMEOUT and EXECUTIONS_T… (#1356)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/hosting/environment-variables/environment-variables.md

| :------- | :---- | :------- | :---------- |
| `EXECUTIONS_PROCESS` | Enum string: `main`, `own` | `own` | Whether n8n executions run in their own process or the main process. <br><br>Refer to [Execution modes and processes](/hosting/scaling/execution-modes-processes/) for more details. |
| `EXECUTIONS_MODE` | Enum string: `regular`, `queue` | `regular` | Whether executions should run directly or using queue.<br><br>Refer to [Execution modes and processes](/hosting/scaling/execution-modes-processes/) for more details. |

> | `EXECUTIONS_TIMEOUT` | Number | `-1` | Whether executions should be stopped after this maximum execution time (in seconds). Can be overriden per workflow up to `EXECUTIONS_TIMEOUT_MAX`. Set to `-1` to disable. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `EXECUTIONS_TIMEOUT` | Number | `-1` | Set an execution time (in seconds), after which n8n stops the execution. Users can override this for individual workflows up to the duration set in `EXECUTIONS_TIMEOUT_MAX`. Set `EXECUTIONS_TIMEOUT` to `-1` to disable. |
```

Reviewer: Sounds good

Author: done

> | `EXECUTIONS_TIMEOUT_MAX` | Number | `3600` | The maximum execution time (in seconds) that can be configured for an individual workflow. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `EXECUTIONS_TIMEOUT_MAX` | Number | `3600` | The maximum execution time (in seconds) that users can set for an individual workflow. |
```
